docs: refactoring the proof market documentation (#67)
NilFoundation/proof-market-toolchain: gitbook-docs/README.md

---
description: Market for zero-knowledge/non-interactive proofs
---

# `=nil;` Proof Market

> Generating SNARK/STARK proofs is a compute-heavy task that can take hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs (zkProofs) is a compute-heavy task that can take hours.
```

To generate proofs reliably and cost-effectively, one needs to develop and maintain a computational infrastructure, scale it, and specialize as a proof producer.

`=nil;` understands that generating proofs is a task that should be outsourced to such a specialized provider.

> This is exactly why we are building the Proof Market — a venue where everyone can request a proof.
> A network of specialized producers will respond to such requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is why we are building the Proof Market — a market where everyone can request a zkProof,
and a network of specialized producers will respond to such requests.
```
